README.md, before:

# advent-of-code

### Challenges
#### Day 1: No Time for a Taxicab
- [x] Part One - How many blocks away is Easter Bunny HQ?
- [x] Part Two - How many blocks away is the first location you visit twice?

#### Day 2: Bathroom Security
- [x] Part One - What is the bathroom code?
- [x] Part Two - What is the correct bathroom code?

#### Day 3: Squares With Three Sides
- [x] Part One - How many of the listed triangles are possible?
- [x] Part Two - Reading by columns, how many of the listed triangles are possible?

#### Day 4: Security Through Obscurity
- [x] Part One - What is the sum of the sector IDs of the real rooms?
- [x] Part Two - What is the sector ID of the room where North Pole objects are stored?

#### Day 5: How About a Nice Game of Chess?
- [x] Part One - Given the actual Door ID, what is the password?
- [x] Part Two - Given the actual Door ID and this new method, what is the password?
- [x] NerdMode - Be extra proud of your solution if it uses a cinematic "decrypting" animation

#### Day 6: Signals and Noise
- [x] Part One - What is the error-corrected version of the message being sent?
- [x] Part Two - What is the original message that Santa is trying to send?

#### Day 7: Internet Protocol Version 7
- [x] Part One - How many IPs in your puzzle input support TLS?
- [x] Part Two - How many IPs in your puzzle input support SSL?

#### Day 8: Two-Factor Authentication
- [x] Part One - How many pixels should be lit?
- [x] Part Two - After you swipe your card, what code is the screen trying to display?

#### Day 9: Explosives in Cyberspace
- [x] Part One - What is the decompressed length of the file?
- [x] Part Two - What is the decompressed length of the file using this improved format?

#### Day 10: Balance Bots
- [x] Part One - What is the number of the bot responsible for comparing value-61 with value-17 microchips?
- [ ] Part Two - What do you get if you multiply together the values of one chip in each of outputs 0, 1, and 2?

#### Day 11: Radioisotope Thermoelectric Generators
- [x] Part One - What is the minimum number of steps to bring all of the objects to the fourth floor?
- [ ] Part Two - What is the minimum number of steps to bring objects, including four new ones, to the fourth floor?

#### Day 20: Firewall Rules
- [x] Part One - What is the lowest-valued IP that is not blocked?
- [x] Part Two - How many IPs are allowed by the blacklist?

Commit message:

solved challenge 10-2, removed leftover debug code from 10-1

README.md, after:

# advent-of-code

### Challenges
#### Day 1: No Time for a Taxicab
- [x] Part One - How many blocks away is Easter Bunny HQ?
- [x] Part Two - How many blocks away is the first location you visit twice?

#### Day 2: Bathroom Security
- [x] Part One - What is the bathroom code?
- [x] Part Two - What is the correct bathroom code?

#### Day 3: Squares With Three Sides
- [x] Part One - How many of the listed triangles are possible?
- [x] Part Two - Reading by columns, how many of the listed triangles are possible?

#### Day 4: Security Through Obscurity
- [x] Part One - What is the sum of the sector IDs of the real rooms?
- [x] Part Two - What is the sector ID of the room where North Pole objects are stored?

#### Day 5: How About a Nice Game of Chess?
- [x] Part One - Given the actual Door ID, what is the password?
- [x] Part Two - Given the actual Door ID and this new method, what is the password?
- [x] NerdMode - Be extra proud of your solution if it uses a cinematic "decrypting" animation

#### Day 6: Signals and Noise
- [x] Part One - What is the error-corrected version of the message being sent?
- [x] Part Two - What is the original message that Santa is trying to send?

#### Day 7: Internet Protocol Version 7
- [x] Part One - How many IPs in your puzzle input support TLS?
- [x] Part Two - How many IPs in your puzzle input support SSL?

#### Day 8: Two-Factor Authentication
- [x] Part One - How many pixels should be lit?
- [x] Part Two - After you swipe your card, what code is the screen trying to display?

#### Day 9: Explosives in Cyberspace
- [x] Part One - What is the decompressed length of the file?
- [x] Part Two - What is the decompressed length of the file using this improved format?

#### Day 10: Balance Bots
- [x] Part One - What is the number of the bot responsible for comparing value-61 with value-17 microchips?
- [x] Part Two - What do you get if you multiply together the values of one chip in each of outputs 0, 1, and 2?

#### Day 11: Radioisotope Thermoelectric Generators
- [x] Part One - What is the minimum number of steps to bring all of the objects to the fourth floor?
- [ ] Part Two - What is the minimum number of steps to bring objects, including four new ones, to the fourth floor?

#### Day 12: Leonardo's Monorail
- [ ] Part One - After executing the assembunny code in your puzzle input, what value is left in register a?

#### Day 20: Firewall Rules
- [x] Part One - What is the lowest-valued IP that is not blocked?
- [x] Part Two - How many IPs are allowed by the blacklist?
